Update enable-general.md (#38)
AdobeDocs/commerce-merchant-services.en: help/store-fulfillment/enable-general.md

<td><strong>Estimated Pickup Time Label</strong></td>
<td>Displays the estimated time until an order is available for customer pickup. This information is shown to customers when they select a retail store location for the [!DNL In-Store Pickup] delivery option. </br></br>When customizing this label, you can use the code <code>%1</code> to insert your <strong>Estimated Pickup Lead Time</strong>. For example:</br></br><code>Ready for Pickup in %1 minutes.</code></br></br>This setting applies to all retail store locations. You can also customize the lead time at the retail store location level.</td>
<td>Store View</td>
<td>No</td> 
</tr>
<tr>
<td><strong>Estimated Ship-to-store Lead Time</strong></td>

> <td>Used to display number of hours required for items to be shipped from the warehouse to a store.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<td>Displays the number of hours required for items to be shipped from the warehouse to a store.</td>
```
